Chart: add small clarifications to docs (#24929)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/helm-chart/production-guide.rst

.. _production-guide:pgbouncer:

.. warning::

>   If you use ``CeleryExecutor`` and Airflow version < ``2.4``, keep in mind that ``resultBackendSecretName`` expects a url that starts with ``db+postgresql://``, while ``metadataSecretName`` expects ``postgresql://`` and won't work with ``db+postgresql://``. You'll need to create separate secrets with the correct scheme. For Airflow version >= ``2.4`` it is possible not to specify the secret again, as Airflow will use ``sql_alchemy_conn`` (specified in ``metadataSecret``) with a db+ scheme prefix by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you use ``CeleryExecutor`` and Airflow version < ``2.4``, keep in mind that ``resultBackendSecretName`` expects a url that starts with ``db+postgresql://``, while ``metadataSecretName`` expects ``postgresql://`` and won't work with ``db+postgresql://``. You'll need to create separate secrets with the correct scheme. For Airflow version >= ``2.4`` it is possible to omit the result backend secret, as Airflow will use ``sql_alchemy_conn`` (specified in ``metadataSecret``) with a db+ scheme prefix by default.
```

Author: updated
